hey good morning family I'm excited to
be with you again today I think this is
like the third video in a row uh
well this video is pretty serious
um the Lord has put on my heart you know
I'm gonna tell you the things I've been
praying about
um
I've been praying over Italy and and the
the all the little Tremors and the
volcano uh and everything like that okay
and so I'm gonna tell you what I saw I
was caught up in the spirit I was just
like like I was just praying in the
spirit I was worshiping and all of a
sudden I was shot up in this like I was
looking over the Italy and I was I was
Italy was so small
uh and and I was it was so high
obviously I guess that's the way I want
to say I was really really high and I
was looking down and all of a sudden I
could see uh over the water over Italy I
could see a black blanket it looked like
a black it was very thick Cloud looking
like like clouds but it was they were
there was black as as as uh molasses
okay very very very very dark like this
and they were all they were they were
they were all over the water and there
was Edge I could see the the black uh
clouds going through all the houses
and it looked like
um like a smog going like it was all
around the houses and
um I could see the rooftops of the homes
because I was up and it and I could see
the lights on in the house
and um
above the Lord pointed my attention
attention to a massive Circle a
humongous portal that was over the
country of Italy and it was in the in
the over where the the uh where I told
you all uh that where the earthquake
happened last night where I told you the
volcano's at by uh Pompeii
and um the Angels were coming out there
was this massive portal and there was
angels in it and the Angels were coming
out of this massive portal and the
portal was like a breathing it was it
was alive it was swirling and there was
clouds all in it and it was it was
looked like it was it was opening up
like it was opening up and all of a
sudden these angels started coming out
of this massive portal
thousands of them okay and they were all
like coming down like a staircase it was
like
it was like they were all ascending but
it was all like they were lined up
all like lined up and they were coming
out like soldiers okay coming out like
soldiers coming out of this massive
portal over Italy and it looked like
they were coming downstairs but I could
not see stairs but through the portal
there was clouds coming all out of the
portal as the portal was breathing and
turning it was swirling it was alive
okay and the clouds were coming out of
the portal
humongous beautiful pink fluffy
it was blue I could see blue I could see
pink I could see purples I could see all
kinds of beautiful colors in those
clouds the colors coming out of this
portal it was I believe Heaven I don't
know these Angels were all like this and
they were all going coming down and they
were ascending onto the Earth coming
down and then when they got to a certain
place in the atmosphere of of uh the
portal in the earth they started to
spread out like ants like like all over
the place when they started scattering
and they were coming even faster down
onto those homes and they were and then
all of a sudden each Angel was going to
and there was like this going all over
the place and they were on a mission but
they were moving that like like the
speed of light boom boom boom boom boom
and they were moving down and they all
had beautiful uh robes on and the gowns
on and it and it was it was it was the
most amazing thing and the whole time
I'm just I'm sitting here in this chair
praying in the spirit and all of us I'm
just seeing all this and I'm just I'm
just
soaking it all in because I it's it's so
amazing you know of course I'm trying so
hard to explain everything I the Lord
showed me you know uh in detail giving
you all detail
um
and so I'm gonna take a side note here
because I was asking Lord what is all
that black smog what is all that that is
and he he was showing me that there was
there was uh from the from coast to co
from all on the side of the the thing
there he told me he said there's a lot
of sex trafficking in in Italy that
people I don't know if they don't know
about it or they do know about it but he
was showing that there was a lot of
corruption trafficking in uh Italy and
so there was there was some there was
sand and there was things that were
showing me about this and so um
uh those angels were coming down
and they were going to these homes and
they were they were doing this motion
with their hand doing like this like
come on come on come on come on come on
come on telling the people to leave come
on come on come on warnings of people
somehow it was like it was very Str it
was very strange because every Angel was
doing the motion with their hand doing
this they were doing this and they were
waving the people to come on and so they
did this for probably you know several
men for several minutes you know when
you're in the spirit you couldn't really
tell a time frame you could just sense
an urgency on their faces I could see
their faces and it felt it's such an
urgency of a warning telling the people
to come come come come leave leave leave
you know that's what I felt you know
they didn't say anything I could just
see the body language that they were in
a hurry and so all of a sudden
all of the Angels
stopped their their arms like this and I
could I knew people were praying I could
feel the intercessory prayers from the
the Saints from the the Christians from
people interceding for Italy in in the
spirit praying in tongues praying in the
spirit interceding you could tell you
could fill the blanket of prayer coming
out of that portal and the things coming
on there were over the atmosphere above
not the atmosphere down here where all
the black uh clouds were but above here
you could feel you could feel the
intercessory prayer going on okay and so
all of a sudden all the Angels froze
just like froze like like this and they
turn their bodies and they look back up
to the massive uh swirling light
uh the the portal they all looked at the
portal and and I was like you know
because I'm watching this and I'm
thinking what are they looking at and
and I could see them looking into this
portal and all of a sudden they started
uh going up they started going and they
just started shooting back up back up
into that portal and and it was over of
that and then the Lord took me
um to uh another another part of the
vision here and I he said I want you to
focus on the canary
a canary Brennan what is the meaning of
a canary in a coal mine
study this out
so I saw a yellow canary in a cave
and there was gases I could see a gas
which you cannot see gas you know a gas
is uh you know invisible but I could see
it like a s like a smog
coming up out of the ground okay and the
canary was swinging on in a cage I saw
this bird cage in the spirit room and I
saw this bird case and I saw canary on
the on the little on the little swing
and it was sitting there and it was
swinging back and forth back and forth
back and forth and it was it was
chirping and it was making noise and all
of a sudden I I looked you know down
because I could see for whatever reason
I could see this this this Mist like gas
coming up out of the ground and the and
the canary was moving and all of a
sudden I took my eyes off the canary in
the spirit and I was looking at the gas
coming up and I looked back up and the
canary was dead in the bottom of uh the
cage it was just dead it was lifeless
it's completely gone and I was I was I
was like wow you know it happened so
quickly but the gases came up and it it
took the canary out and so uh this is a
part of the Vision the Lord showed me
about and the angels come in and so the
the this gas coming up out of the ground
in Italy I don't know what that was I
don't know if it was from
um uh
the volcano stuff that the Lord's
telling me about you know or whatever
but you know I told you all I saw
hundreds of thousands of people go home
I saw a massive wave coming I saw the
Lord said pay attention to the water I
saw the earthquakes in the water and the
people weren't paying attention to the
water the water was what the Lord kept
putting my attention to in the past
Visions look at the water look at the
Cove the water in the coves and look at
the water and he kept pointing me to
that in the spirit room in my spirit
eyes I could see it with the Lord was
you know in the vision the Lord was
showing me I could see the water in the
in the Gulf area this the gulf right
there by by Pompeii and so
um this is just the things that the
Lord's showing me I know like I said a
mat a major 4.4 I believe happened last
night and I saw all the rocks and the
devastation the people and the sirens
going off and a video on from my wife
gave me
um and then ice it was for somebody from
somebody on uh on Facebook and so they
were putting it on their feed there and
she was showing me said listen to this
so I looked at it and then I was like oh
my goodness so I guess this just
happened you know uh yesterday last
night so it was our our our night so you
know not even 12 hours ago 24 hours ago
so
it's it's escalating and escalating
escalating things are are really getting
intense about this okay number two for
the past week even from last Monday not
yesterday Monday but the week prior
for three times now the Lord has spoken
to me about the the electric grid in
America telling me pray over the
electric grid this is very serious I saw
a like a Cyber attack or it was a false
flag Tech I I was trying to I like I
said I'm not going to just flat out and
just say it was it was Russia or whoever
I'm telling you I saw something go on
with our electric grid and all of a
sudden power went out in New York and
major cities it was completely dark
everywhere because of what happened on
this electric grid issue and so he said
you're not taking this serious enough he
warned me he said you need to pray about
this this about this uh more intently
because of what is being planned and
plotted and so
um
I saw a when the electric grid went down
for some people it had the opportunity
to be down for over three weeks I saw
the number three week for over three
weeks I saw like a calendar and I could
see the calendar and I could see the
days go by with people being without
power and so the Lord was warning me
about these major cities and about this
a plot against America and about the
power grid now I don't know a time frame
I don't know anything else more about
that all I know is I'm interceding for
this this is nothing like on top of the
Italy thing that he brought this to my
attention warning me about it you know
and he like I try to tell you all about
what he showed me a year ago about
investing into a generator that had
three fuel types propane gas and and
natural gas and uh having a thing for
electricity for what was coming in the
future and you know and um
finding ways to power your home through
solar things like that there you know
they sell lights on Amazon there's
candles there's all kinds of stuff for
people to be able to use to be able to
have light and stuff um you know
I don't want to ever preach fear I don't
want to be somebody that's a Debbie
Downer and coming on here and going
whack why all the time but I I get these
things from the spirit of God these
warnings and they're very intense and he
warns me about things and you know I'll
tell you for instance
uh I was praying over
an ice storm one time and he was telling
me about Texas being without power I
kept seeing without power I kept seeing
no heat I kept seeing a a poising of the
water something was wrong with the water
and I believe it was about three years
now that they had a major cold front a
major arctic front came down out of uh
the Arctic and came down through Canada
of course and um and and really made
everything really cold in Texas
and they could not handle the the the
the electric load for all of the people
pulling all for trying to heat their
homes up so all of the the electric grid
shut down because the windmills froze
and so all of the pipes and the houses
burst because people are trying to drip
their faucets and so it shut down all of
the water so they put out a um a warning
not to drink the water because the water
had E coli and all kinds of stuff in
that water and you had to boil it before
you could drink it and this lasted for
quite a while
but before that happened the Lord warned
me to warn friends that lived in Texas
and told them you need to get at least
12 cases of water
big things of water
so I took it on myself because I'm
seeing in the spirit not knowing where
really you know is this going to affect
me so I went out and bought all the
water too because of what I'm seeing the
spirit because it was very alarming to
what what for what the Lord was showing
me it had nothing to do with my
household we didn't even well we had a
lot of water to drink for a while and so
you know but when you're seeing in the
spirit you know I always want to be I
want to tell you you know if this does
not always affect everybody you know a
lot of mileage here from from all the
way up to Canada to Mexico from from the
Atlantic to the Pacific you know there's
a lot of ground here to cover y'all so
whenever I'm seeing over in the spirit I
don't want to always alarm everybody and
say oh the power's going out for all of
America you know
because it's not I don't believe that so
I want you to be praying about this for
your own household you know it could be
it could be New York like I said I saw
New York I saw a major city and I
believe it was New York but um I don't
want to assume so it could be Chicago
but I saw a lot of big buildings so I
want to warn you all to pray about the
power grid with me this is serious
pray about if this is your area that the
Lord is warning about if if it's if you
know instead of going well I'm just
going to go out and buy everything and
have everything off of Amazon from from
from coast to coast from you know
because it could it's ridiculous the
Parker's not going to go down for the
whole country okay for for three weeks I
don't believe that I believe that
certain areas just like I'm trying to
tell you about my story about Dallas
and what the Lord was showing me here I
thought you know I live in the state of
Oklahoma
that this was going to be about Oklahoma
all the power is going to go out and the
water is going to be bad and I'm trying
to warn everybody so I'm thinking but
I'm seeing I'm seeing in part I'm
hearing in part and so when you're doing
that you you know
I always try to be quick to obey quick
to obey quick debate whenever he tells
me something and so and this was a
strict wall a word for Texas and it
affected a lot of people in Texas uh
hundreds of thousands of people in Texas
and they were out with power for I think
I think it was like two weeks or more I
don't remember it was it was bad you
know and no heat and people were living
it and staying in sleeping bags and
trying to keep warm with their families
and pipes or butts in everywhere it was
it was a mess and so
um you know I like I said I get these
cues and things and so there that's what
I had today those are the those are the
three three things that's right the
three things about the canary and the
and the in Italy and then um the
electric grid so um I hope I hope this
video blessed you I hope it wasn't
boring I try to I try to give you things
the Lord has given me in prayer and I
try to keep you all updated as I go so
um you know so there you go so let's
pray
I believe uh we can we can intercede
right now and just pray for some things
just pray for the first pray for some of
this stuff let's pray for the people of
Italy and let's pray for the people of
of the America so father I thank you
Lord right now in the name of Jesus
we lift up Italy
we lift up this volcano and the
earthquakes and things are taking place
you said Lord that the the perilous
times would come you warned us that
there would be earthquakes in diverse
places there would be volcanoes and and
events that were fearful that you said
men's Hearts would fail them for fear
for for looking after the things that
were coming upon the Earth
father I thank you Lord that we are all
awake and we are listening to what the
spirit of the Lord is saying that we
would hear your voice in a stranger's
voice we would not follow that if we are
In Harm's Way if we are not listening to
what the spirit of the Lord said Shake
us inside show us Lord what we're
supposed to do for our families that
we'd hear you before danger comes that
we would know your voice father and that
we would know it's not when it when it's
between the spirit of fear trying to
torment torment US versus the Holy Ghost
is trying to warn us to tell us this is
what you need to do that we will not be
led by emotion we would be led by the
Holy Ghost
I pray for every single person watching
this video that that father that they
would they would learn to to to meditate
on your word and and and and yield their
self to the spirit of God in a way that
they're not familiar with and that they
would be able to to to to to hear your
voice clear we call Clarity in their
ears in the name of Jesus with spiritual
ears We call we call Father uh
Supernatural giftings to see into the
spirit realm to know your voice and to
hear you of danger and a warnings to
tell them this is a time of of you need
to escape from this area or whatever
father I thank you Father they would
hear you God right now in the name of
Jesus concerning their lives
Clarity in the spirit like turning in a
radio station from from uh a static
channel to a Clear Channel moving the
bunny ears right where it's supposed to
be to move the antenna to go God I'm
gonna I'm gonna put myself at your feet
and I will be at the spout where the
glory comes out and I am not going to be
in fear about what the devil's doing but
I have authority over the devil and I'm
gonna have wisdom concerning this and
I'm not going to be moved by what I see
or what I feel I move by what the word
of God says and we're going to hear your
voice father and we're going to do
exactly what you tell us to do
father I thank you for that father I
pray uh uh protection over the people
over Italy I pray protection over the
Believers father they will be out of
Harm's Way father I thank you that those
angels are coming out of that portal I
thank you Lord that you give a strong
warning even in the Midnight Hour and
dreams and envisions and things like
that to protect the people of what's
coming
father I thank you Lord that if it's
about the electric grid over over a
Miami from L.A to to Phoenix to to
Denver to uh Seattle wherever it may be
the warnings that you're giving me right
now I thank you Father that this will
not happen
we take authority over this cyber
attacks we take authority over false
flag events and we say in the name of
Jesus you will not do this in the name
of Jesus we plead the blood of Jesus
over our power grid we say we will have
power it will not disrupt disrupt life
or cause people to lose their life
because they need the electricity to
survive I thank you Father that there is
a covering over these people I thank you
Lord that we would hear your voice
concerning these things and a stranger's
voice we will not follow in America I
thank you Lord that our people would be
wise on how to handle things uh in our
our
um NSA and the and the computer people
father I thank you Lord that a Homeland
Security the people would know and they
would know how to protect us the Army
the Corps of Engineers all the people
thought I think you were that you give
wisdom Revelation knowledge over these
people have kind of block attacks from
foreign adversaries and if it is a false
flag or whatever father we ask you God
to to expose all Wicked plots and plans
from the from the wicked
expose all Wicked plans in Jesus name
uncovering and uncovering and uncovering
in Jesus name
we believe we receive this right now in
the name of Jesus now father I pray over
their finances every person who's who
sowed and believed in in in in in and
believes in their Covenant for our
Supernatural Harvest concerning their
finances I pray over their finances in
the name of Jesus for a hundredfold
return over what they sow I speak to
their finances right now in the name of
Jesus for great blessing is on their
houses great Prosperity is over their
home and God I thank you Lord for jobs
and better jobs raises and bonuses
settlements interest and income rebates
and returns checks in the mill gifts and
surprises finding money bills paid off
blessing and increase father I thank you
Lord that every need they have is met
and every debt is canceled in the name
of Jesus
father I pray over their health and
their bodies in wholeness and wellness
in the name of Jesus we take authority
over sickness right now
we come against the sickness and disease
we come against uh manifestations of
cancers and diabetes and and heart
disease and all kinds of dementia and
Alzheimer's and like I said PTSD and all
kinds of bondage from perversions we
command it to go now in Jesus name
from all kinds of addictions to alcohol
to prescription medications from drugs
to
to all kinds of bondage we take
authority over bondage right now in the
name of Jesus strongholds to be broken
off of their lives we call bondage and
strongholds to be broken by the power of
the Lord
we call the blood of Jesus over this
right now we plead the blood of Jesus
over this
we thank you from the north to Southeast
the West we call angels to minister us
right now in Jesus name we thank you
Lord we pray over rain and abundance of
rain over our areas we break drought in
the name of Jesus we take authority over
drought we speak to the rain we call the
rain to come from the north the South
the east to west we call low pressure
systems to come in right now in the name
of Jesus we call forth low pressure
systems and in the in the moisture to
come up we call Rain to come we claim
rain rain rain in Jesus name the former
rain in the latter rain even the
spiritual rain of the Holy Ghost Reign
Over this nation
we call abundance of rain to come down
right now in the name of Jesus
we call your outpouring of the spirit
Lord
bring us a great outpouring a great
outflow of a Great River a tidal wave of
your presence Upon This Nation
we pray over the leaders over the people
who are over over this country from Joe
Biden all the way down we pray for even
the smallest person that's in power we
say in the name of Jesus they would have
wisdom father
we thank you Lord they would have a fear
of the Lord inside of them to make Godly
decisions
father I just thank you Lord
I thank you for your presence
for in your presence there's fullness of
joy
Lord we we rest in you today
we take the care out of our prayer
for if you're begging you're not
believing
we thank you Lord
for where the spirit of the Lord is
there is freedom
and we will not fear
we will not fear in Jesus name
we plead the blood over our nation
we plead the blood of Jesus over this
right now
I thank you Father that we have eyes to
see what you have to show us
here's to here
and I plead the blood of Jesus over us
right now in Jesus name
amen
well okay
um I thank you all for joining me today
I really do I hope I hope this uh has
blessed you all
um I really appreciate you taking the
time to to uh watch my videos you know
uh it means a lot to me you know I I'm
I'm new at this I'm I'm I'm just uh I'm
learning like you all every day every
day we learn and we when we follow after
the voice of the Lord and he said he's
faithful he's faithful to us
um
the present Lord really said settled in
on me right there when I was praying I
saw some things I'd have to pray about
um
well
y'all put a smile on your face
and a song in your heart
Jesus loves you so much and I'm so
thankful that you watch my video today
y'all have a blessed day and we'll see
you next time bye bye